Nickelodeon's slime time is coming, and if you want a chance to play all you need is a telephone and the toll-free number coming up on SNCC.
I can hardly wait to see what it is!
So stay right where you are to enter Nickelodeon's.
Saturday night has arrived, and Saturday night belongs to SNCC.
Yes!
Put it in the-
Custom paint exclusively Hot Wheels!
Ooh, but look!
If you find the golden token-
You win the grand prize!
One of a thousand Hot Wheels Bikes!
A blue token wins the Revealers 10 car collection.
One in every 72. No purchase necessary.
Not for use with some sense.
Everyone gets a coupon for a free Dairy Queen kids' cone!
Hot Wheels Revealers!
Details on package. A surprise in every pack!
There are way wacky things at the wacky warehouse mall.
Kangin' at the mall. The wacky warehouse mall.
Way wild new stuff.
Way wet new flavor.
Pink swimming suit.
The wacky warehouse mall.
Way convey.
What's the story?
Domino's is going wacky.
You get free Kool-Aid sugar sweet and drink mix.
A two-quart pack.
30 Kool-Aid points in this fun wacky warehouse order form
for free stuff with every medium or large Domino's pizza order.
Now that's something.
For nothing?
The pizza got something. The rest is nothing.
I love video scavenger hide and seek.
Let's roll.
Spotted dogs.
Twins.
Rock group.
Group headstand.
Got it.
Twins?
I always see twins.
And McDonald's.
Wait, what's Spotted Dog?
Hey.
A rock group.
It's me.
And a convertible.
I always see red convertibles.
And McDonald's.
Hey, we're doing great.
We're doing great.
Look.
Twins.
Not anymore.
I knew we'd find everything in McDonald's.
But why don't you say something?
Watch me trick Fred.
Find the fruity troll.
Give me a fruity pebbles.
And you can fly.
Wow.
Okay.
Orange cherry grape limited line flavors.
Ready for takeoff.
Barney.
Good to fly.
Host fruity pebbles cereal.
Out of this nutritious breakfast.
It's a free Princeton's water squirter.
Gotcha.
Hey.
For these wet and wild dudes.
You can squirt up to six feet.
Wipe out.
One free squirter in mock boxes of pebbles.
That's cute.
That's me.
Hi.
That's good.
This is our favorite place in the playground.
Because, um, well, we can do all sorts of flips on them.
Yeah.
Watch the kids.
Do you wish I'd known me?
Me.
Welcome to Snick.
Saturday night Nickelodeon.
Now you'll know what everyone's talking about on Monday morning.
Stay tuned to Snick.
And stay near the phone.
Because we're about to show you the special slime time sweepstakes number.
That's right.
The only way to enter is only minutes away.
And it's only on Snick.
If you're looking for advice, you never have to look far.
Advice is the one thing besides air and sample perfume strips that's always free.
Even strangers can't wait to dish out free advice.
Is that a cold, dear?
Yeah.
Try gargling with salt and honey.
Uh, the thing you need to do is put hot paper towels on your neck and ice packs on your ears.
Of course.
For the cost of a newspaper, you can get free advice from real pros like dear Abby and Anne Landers.
Dear, sick of my sibling.
Don't move out.
In time, you will get used to him.
Dear, sick of my sibling.
You'll never get used to him in a million years.
Better move out now.
But why go to them for advice?
Abby and Anne are two siblings who didn't speak to each other for ten years.
Face it, the world is full of too much advice.
But even professionals couldn't help in Ferguson's case where too much still isn't enough.
What if he came to me?
Where would I start?
Would I shoot for drastic superhuman improvements or stay simple and just advised by a one-way ticket to Timbuktu?
Ferguson's been working up the nerve to ask me persistently advice.
Why?
Because Ferguson's in love.
What I mean is he's in love with someone other than himself.
He's been bugging everyone he's ever met for love advice.
Here are some of the highlights.
First, he consulted that universal source of major advice.
Mom.
Uh-huh.
Let's say there's this guy, and let's say there's this girl.
Well, let's say that this guy likes this girl.
Ferguson, I have been waiting to have this talk with you.
Now, when a man and a woman want to have a baby and they love each other...
So, Ferguson decided to get dad's take on the situation.
What do we do when, say, the woman in our life doesn't know the man in her life exists?
Oh, well, that happens to the best of us, Ferguson.
Yeah, yeah.
In fact, I remember my first crush.
Doreen Deckelbaum.
No, wait a minute.
Maybe it was Dolores Del Vecchio.
Dad's advice is always more like a power walk-down memory lane,
which sent Berg in search of older, wiser relatives.
Dear, dear, dear Antoni,
I need advice about a girl.
A what?
A pearl?
No, I like a girl.
What?
I like to have a pearl.
I'd love one.
You sweet, sweet boy.
Berg is desperate, and I'm all that's left.
As his older, wiser, saner sister, I guess I could help him out.
But, hey, I'm also the sister he's humiliated,
tormented, double-crossed, and backstabbed since the day he was born.
So, I'll just have to give him advice.
The worst advice ever.
Sis, you're looking very wise today.
Thanks.
No, no, uh, really.
You're, uh, emanating rays of wisdom.
Great.
You know, there are many people who think of you as a teenage oracle.
Don't you even want to know I am buttering you up?
Not really.
Well, I'll let you in on this little secret.
I have this friend, and this friend of mine has this, uh, well, problem.
Yeah, he's got you as a friend.
A possessor of such a rapier sharp wit must have a great understanding of human nature.
You're really desperate, aren't you?
My friend is.
And what friend is this exactly?
What friend? Uh, my friend friend.
Um, actually, my friend's friend.
It's for a friend and my friend.
Okay, okay, whatever.
Cut to the chase before middle-aged.
Well, what it boils down to is, uh,
this friend of my friends has this crush on, uh, a girl.
What girl?
What does it matter what girl?
I'm trying to get a clear picture.
How should I know what girl?
It's just this girl-girl, an ordinary typical garden-variety girl named Fiona.
Fiona with a radiant smile and luminous eyes
and the earth shaking a little to her walk.
I mean, uh, I mean, uh, according to my friend.
You mean according to your friend's friend.
Whatever. The point is, this girl, Fiona,
doesn't seem to know he exists.
Too bad.
So, what do you and your friend of the friendless want from me?
Well, your girl, and, uh, my friend wrote this note.
You mean your friend's friend?
Uh, actually, another friend wrote it for my friend's friend.
So I told my other friend that I would have this friend-
Just read the stupid note already.
Okay.
My dearest, dear one, Fiona.
Fee-fi-fo, Fiona.
My heart goes thump-thump-thrump
when I pass by your locker.
Thump-thump-thrump.
When I see you fillin' the little bubbles
in your geometry test sheet.
Speak to me, and I'm yours forever.
Signed for...
Anomous.
Well?
I'm speechless.
Oh, I know it was good, but it's that good?
Well, I was gonna make some suggestions,
but that's already so, so... perfect.
You hear the thing I should send it?
Before my friend.
Actually, I think you should tell him to call Fiona right away
and read those unbelievable words over the phone.
Over the phone?
It's the only way, Ferguson.
A girl always wants to hear what a guy has to say
in his own voice.
Always?
If they mew.
Mew?
Yeah, you know.
Each time they say your name, they mew like a kitty cat.
A cat?
All girls love cats.
It's adorable.
Um, okay, like...
My dearest dear one, Fiona.
Meow.
Irresistible.
Okay.
Okay, I'll have my friend call his friend
and tell his other friend
to call her and mew right away.
Meow.
Tell your friend to go for it.
It's hard to make something that bad, even worse.
What a romantic couple.
Did you see the way Don reached into the vase
the table to give Nan that beautiful long-stemmed rose?
Yeah.
I didn't want to report him to the maitre d,
but isn't that stealing?
Marshall, it was a lovely gesture.
Didn't you notice how they couldn't stop holding hands?
Oh, boy, did I.
It made it very hard to pass the rolls.
Oh, and those rolls were delicious, too.
What about when Nan leaned over during the meal
to cut Don's meat?
Oh, no, that was sickening.
You know, you and I could stand
to be a bit more like Don and Nan.
Well, you know, I like to cut my own meat.
Really, Marshall, we have let the romance
dribble right out of our relationship.
Don't you think we should do something about it?
Hi, Clarissa.
Hey, there's sport.
Are there any rolls out there?
I'm still kind of hungry.
Marshall.
Nice work.
No way.
I mean, it did.
I mean, of course it did.
I mean, no way.
My note was a hit.
I mean, my friend's note.
My friend's friend.
You might as well know.
That was my eloquent note.
I am the winner in a game of romance.
You read her that note?
Beautifully, if I do say so myself.
And you mute?
Irresistibly.
Who is this girl?
I, Ferguson W. Drawling, have a date with Fiona.
Fiona.
Yeah.
But what do I do next?
Don't look at me.
I'm your faithful student.
Lead me.
Well, all right.
I guess I could throw a little more advice your way.
Now, on a first date, a girl loves to do stuff together,
like laundry.
Laundry?
Really?
Trust me.
And then, after that, you can weed together.
You mean read?
No.
A girl loves weeding a garden on a date.
I don't ever recall you weeding on a date.
Sure.
Sure I did.
And then, when you're done with that,
you can hop down to the mall for pizza.
But really hop.
Hop?
Tell him to sip a milkshake through a straw stuck up his nose.
Good one.
I don't get it, Sam.
I keep giving Ferguson nothing but the worst,
most ridiculous, most disgusting advice I can think of,
and it keeps working.
Maybe there's something wrong with this girl.
The word is she's normal.
If she's normal, she'll crack.
She better.
I actually told Fergface to give Fiona his blankie.
That disgusting, drool cake drag he sleeps with?
It was tough to get him to part with it,
but I convinced him it would send Fiona over the edge.
Thanks for letting me carry your books.
My pleasure, Fiona.
It's great to see you, man.
He's not afraid to let a woman hold up in the door,
so to speak.
You can hold up in the door anytime.
And thanks again for your blankie.
I never knew you were so vulnerable.
I try not to let my strength overwhelm my sensitivity.
And you're sure you can sleep without it?
I'll just have to be strong.
Bye, Fiona.
See you at the dance, Mon Cherie.
Bye, Fergie.
Oh, hi, sis.
Thanks for the great advice.
Having her carry my books, who'd have thought?
Yeah, who?
Well, I'm so happy things are working out so well.
No big deal.
I can get by without my blankie for a few days.
I don't have to actually let her keep it, do I?
I'm afraid so.
Oh.
Now I know what they mean by love is pain.
I'll get it.
Me?
Yep, they're your favorite flowers.
Really?
White roses?
Magnolias.
Yeah.
I, um, I thought magnolias were your favorite flower.
Pleasure.
Oh, I've always been allergic to magnolias,
but it's the thought that counts.
I'm sure you liked magnolias.
Oh, maybe that was Doreen Deckelbaum.
Yeah.
I'll, uh, put these outside.
Oh, Janet, I can explain.
Honey.
Hello?
Oh, hi, Fiona.
Sure.
Sure, I'll get them.
No problem.
She sounds upset.
Probably calling to break up with him.
Ferguson!
Phone!
It's Fiona!
Was my advice too devastating?
I just wanted her to think he's a dork,
not a deranged psychopath.
Remember, Ferguson, young love is fleeting.
Huh?
Fiona!
You'll bounce back from this.
You will.
Oh, hi.
Uh, well, you know, I've been kind of busy these days.
Um, it's hard to say.
I'll give you a call when my schedule frees up.
Bye, babe.
What just happened here?
She wants me.
Bad.
You mean she wasn't calling to break up with you?
Hardly.
The girl can't live without me.
Hey, I'll get it.
That must be Cindy.
Hello?
Cindy?
Oh, Maria.
Love.
Hi.
Uh, oh, well, I'd love to talk to you,
but I've got another call coming through.
Sure warrant for the dance.
Hello?
Donna.
Hey, a pre-dance study date?
Well, let me see if I can schedule you in.
This can't be happening.
I better take this or I can get some privacy.
How can all these girls be calling you?
Just call me the love doctor,
and the doctor is in.
Bring that up for me, would you, sis?
And everyone's brain must be out.
Somehow in some strange way,
I've created a monster.
What happened to my love connection?
A love monster.
The number is 1-800-247-8200.
Just call this number to enter.
It's that easy.
And if you get a busy signal,
don't let that stop your slime time spirit,
because the phone lines are open all nick long.
I see.
What's going on?
All the colors seem to be going into my cupboard.
Now, my Kellogg's Froot Loops have sucked up all the color.
Now there's new brighter colors in Kellogg's Froot Loops.
The orange lemon, cherry and lime look even more delicious.
Kellogg's Froot Loops, a more colorful part of your nutritious breakfast.
I know how to fix this gray world.
Now that was a bright idea.
Kellogg's Froot Loops, now with brighter colors.
Cooler than a shag haircut.
Easier to wear than poultry.
More comfortable than a kick in the head.
They're Bark 2's from Bark's Fruit Beer.
Cool, removable body art in 36 different designs.
Inside, specially marked 12 packs of great tasting Bark's Fruit Beer.
The one with bite.
So leave your later hose and home.
And make a fashion statement on your arm, on your leg,
or on your head with Bark 2's from Bark's Fruit Beer.
The one with Bark 2's.
Super Net Ball.
The action shooting catch game with a power stretch net
that sings a swish Super Net Ball over 100 feet.
Super Net Ball, yeah, super hot.
Super Net Ball.
Another great squish product from Cap Toys.
Who else?
Another barbecue.
Everybody's having fun.
It's Wacky Water Wackers.
Fill it.
Smack it.
But don't crack it.
It's Wacky Water Fun.
The back it.
But don't crack it.
Wack it.
Wacky Water Wackers comes with two special balloon breaking brackets,
a Wacky Wacker Ball, and lots of balloons from Buddy Now.
Watching.
Nick.
And now back to Clarissa Express it all.
It's no great shock that Ferguson thinks he's ready to join the Stunt of the Month Club.
What's really weird is that all the girls in his class seem to think so too.
They're treating him like he's Rudolph Valentino,
the greatest lover of the silent screen.
That's a scary thought.
As a silent film star, at least he'd have to shut up.
For the sake of all girl kind everywhere,
Ferguson has got to be stopped.
Every time I give Ferguson bad advice, it works for him.
So, I'll just have to give him really good advice and let it backfire.
And for Ferguson, the best worst advice I can think of is,
be yourself.
Simulated drool dripping is 3.1%.
I had a little bleach to give it some character.
What are you doing here?
What's with the Blanky Factory?
Well, it worked so well with me and I've decided to give all my dates
my very own special lifelong Blanky.
Now, if you don't mind, I have work to do.
Wow, with the big dance coming up and all,
I just thought you could use a little bit more advice.
I already have ten dates lined up for the dance.
What would I need advice from you for?
I'm older, wiser.
And less popular.
Hey, my advice made you who you are.
What happened to you?
Please, sis, you're the teenage Oracle.
Listen, sis, it's always difficult
when the student surpasses the teacher.
Oh, wait, if you'll excuse me,
I'm running a little late for Maria right now.
Well, I was just going to tell you to be yourself.
Don't we wish we could all be me?
Too bad I can't date them two and three at a time.
It's quite an embarrassment of riches.
Embarrassment?
I'll say it is.
Uh, how about we get together for a late romantic dinner
next...
next Friday?
Uh, next...
next Friday is the first screening of the museum's new film series,
but I could do an early dinner.
See, early's no good.
I signed up for that fun with bathroom fixture seminar.
Um, how about the week after?
Oh, let's see.
Oh, our lecture series gets underway then.
What are you doing, Marshall?
Well, we're just going to have to grab romance on the run.
Yeah, look into my eyes.
Wear those little green flecks I'm so crazy about.
Flex? I don't have any flex.
Oh, maybe Joey Russo had the, um, green flex.
And I thought I was unromantic.
Marshall?
Wait, I can explain.
And I thought I was having trouble with Ferguson's love life.
You're Fergie's big sister, right?
Actually, I prefer to think of myself as Clarissa.
Really? I like being thought of as Ferguson's girlfriend.
Is Fergie around?
Actually, Fergie just left.
Really? We're just a daughter's socks together.
You mean you actually like that idea too?
Fergie makes doing chores fun and profitable.
We got my mom to pay us a dollar a sock.
Maybe you guys do belong together.
Except you seem nice.
Fergie's nice. To me, he's really different.
That's one way to put it.
He's smart and cute and funny and modest.
Modest? Fiona, don't you think he's a bit full of himself?
Oh, that's just a facade.
But he wasn't afraid to reveal the shy, sensitive guy beneath the surface.
What other guy would dare to give the girl he likes his blankie?
The one special object he treasures most in the whole world.
Now I treasure this blankie too.
The blankie he grew up with.
The blankie he held onto as a child.
Enough with the stupid blankies already.
I can't take it. All these yucky, icky, drooly blankies he's passing around.
What?
What were you saying? Did you say blankies?
Did I say blankies? Well, I meant blankie.
Well, a blankie is a blankie. Is a blankie, right?
I knew it. I knew there was someone else.
There's another girl, right? And another blankie?
Well, Clarissa actually...
Tell me.
He's been kind of... well, manufacturing blankies.
Manufacturing them for what?
For all his... you know, friends.
But, you know, Fiona, you do have the original authentic 100% fur blankie.
It's the only real one.
You mean to tell me that Furry's giving...
Ugh! And here's what I think of it.
Tell Furry to see his one last date for the school dance.
Oh, Fiona, don't you think you're being a wee bit hasty?
I should have realized sooner, but I was too busy praising him.
That's probably what made the other girls like him.
Well, if I can praise him, I can bury him, too.
Clarissa?
Yeah? Thanks.
You're welcome.
I guess.
Great. Now that I've torpedoed Ferguson's love vote,
I think maybe I could use a blankie.
Having this romantic dinner at home is a great idea,
and your mom's gonna love it.
I have the cameras. Ferguson ready?
Come on down, Ferguson.
Good evening, Mother. Good evening, Father.
You look great, Ferguson.
Yesterday I was a boy. Today I'm a man.
Dream on.
Ferguson, are you sure you don't need a wrong?
The owner and our folks are gonna pick me up.
Well, in that case, shall we begin our romantic evening, dear?
Love to, dear.
Um, Ferguson, I know this is a big night for you and all, but...
For me, it's just another evening.
But it is a big night for my lucky dates.
Huh?
Hey, fee, babe. Where are you?
You can't. You what?
You did.
Uh, no, no. I understand.
Bye, babe.
Um, Ferguson.
Uh, not now.
Well, one girl's loss is another girl's gain.
Hello? Is Maria there?
The dance.
She left already?
Uh, okay. No message.
Bye.
Ferguson, can I give you a little advice?
No, I'm busy.
Hello? Lindy Love?
Yeah, by any chance, could you give me a ride to the dance
or from the dance?
You can't.
You did?
Uh, bye.
Ferguson, I'm trying to tell you there's something you don't know.
What?
They know about the blankies.
They know about the blankies?
You told? I can't believe it.
I'm ruined. I never should have listened to your advice
in the first place.
You begged me.
No, I didn't. You foisted it on me.
Okay.
Look, um, here's what we have to do.
You have to get me a date.
Me? No way.
I need a date. She just has to show up with me.
Then she can go.
Ferguson, how am I going to get you a date in ten minutes?
How am I going to get you a date ever?
You have to. It's all your fault.
Stayed out of the whole thing.
Yeah.
I should have just let you suffer.
I do feel kind of bad.
Yeah.
I'm just not sure if I feel this bad.
Just forget about it.
I was never meant to get dates in the first place.
Hold it.
Okay.
I'll admit, I am a little responsible
and I guess it comes down to a choice between
a lifetime of guilt
and what? I'll walk you into the dance.
What? I can't show up with my own sister?
That's one notch above showing up with your own mother.
Mom!
Cut it out. It's not funny.
Trust me, Ferguson. I don't want to be seen with you either.
I don't know.
Look, I have an idea.
Just get Mom and Dad to give us a ride.
Whoa.
What have I got to lose?
Mom! Dad!
Mom!
Is Fiona here?
She was called away
to, uh, Mozambique.
Uh, government work.
Very hush-hush.
She dumped you, huh? Marshall.
Well, it's Doreen Deckelbaum all over again.
It's no big deal. I'll just need that ride after all.
Were you guys in the middle of something?
No. Sorry. Nothing. I couldn't wait another decade or so.
Maybe we'll just have to save romance
for when we're old, Marshall.
You mean, you don't think I'm old already?
No. Now that's romantic.
Come on, you love bugs. Cut it out.
Clarissa?
No, I'm our evil twin.
Yeah, that's it.
A long, lost, long suffering
soon to be humiliated twin.
I am so sorry to hear that, Nan.
Well, if it's what you both want.
All right.
Bye.
Marshall, you are not going to believe this,
but Don and Nan are separating.
You're kidding.
The world's most romantic duo?
She says their marriage has been nothing but a charade
for years.
What a night.
How was the dance?
Being popular can be exhausting.
Well, Ferguson made a big splash with some
unidentified mystery woman in dark glasses.
Fiona was all over me.
She really is the girl for me.
We've been through so much together.
Oh, no. Here we go again.
Actually, sis, Fiona and I have decided to
focus on profiting off of love.
How romantic.
I'm going to write you a beautiful
newsletter for the school paper.
Hey, sis, I might even let you write the advice column.
Thanks, but no thanks.
In my opinion, the only advice worth taking
is never give advice before you're asked
or after.
Who nights the night to enter
Nickelodeon's slime time sweepstakes,
it's the contest that puts you on TV
for big prizes.
The interactive game you play live on the air.
Enter by calling the toll-free number
that's coming up.
It's next on SNCC.
At Universal Studios, Orlando, Florida.
No need to browse.
You may now put the remote control down.
Snicking requires no clicking.
It's like nothing you've ever seen.
Because it is nothing you've ever seen.
It's an all-new scary tale on
Are You Afraid of the Dark?
Next Saturday on SNCC.
Time to go.
Really, really good stuff.
Dominoes is going wacky.
Where? I don't know.
With every medium-large Domino's pizza order.
Should I buy a medium-large?
Yes, and get free Kool-Aid.
30 points in an order form for free stuff.
Say what?
A free 2 quart pack of Kool-Aid sugar sweeten drink
makes 30 Kool-Aid points in a fun
wacky warehouse order form with any medium-large
Domino's pizza order.
I'll have the yummy pepperoni delivered in 30 minutes.
The pizza got something. The rest is nothing.
Now that's something.
Bullseye.
Green speciality. You have your assignment
and your special equipment.
When you want a special water gun,
you want the super-soaker
multi-directional soaker.
Like our regular super-soakers,
the MDS delivers a great cheap spray.
But it also has
an extra feature.
A nozzle that lets you cover your flanks.
The super-soaker MDS.
Water gun's a whole new twist.
Also available the super-soaker
Boladero.
In a world of
flat chips, what do you call
crunchy baked shells surrounding
smooth creamy fillings
and roll models?
See why combos
taste better?
What do you call a crunchy baked tortilla
filled with creamy nacho cheese?
Nacho
ordinary tortilla.
New nacho tortilla combos.
See why combos taste better?
It's a snick.
And stay near the phone.
Because we're about to show you the special
Slime Time Sweepstakes number.
That's right. The only way to enter is only minutes away.
And it's only on snick.
2.5 adorable children
and a family dog.
Just the kind of family you might see on TV.
They're close knit. They're boring.
Let's forget about them
and look at a more realistic family.
Alright kids, your father and I are leaving.
Do your homework and no TV.
Come on honey.
Quit hogging the remote.
He's a ninja. She's a nun.
And they're both cops.
I'll buy an E, Pat.
I'm sorry, Mr. Vice President.
There's no E in potato.
Don't hate me because I'm beautiful.
Hate me because I'm conceited.
5 minutes to buy a Cubic Zirconian ring.
It's very good.
Thank you.
Live tonight on MTV, it's the concert
your whole family will love to hate.
It's the Totally Polly Simon World Tour.
Down here buddy.
I'm cruising to Graceland, Memphis, Tennessee.
It's the most annoying concert of the year.
There must be 50 ways to shag your n-
UGG
Just squeeze on or not. Just squeeze or to me.
Polly Simon, tonight on MTV.
Don't miss it.
Oh man, I should have practiced.
You kids, turn off that TV
and come downstairs.
What about my uncle or buddy?
No way.
Your father has something very important to tell us.
You don't mean.
Yes, I'm afraid so.
A family meeting.
Wait a minute. What's that rumbling?
Can it be?
So superhero.
Faster than a speeding ticket.
More understanding than a locomotive.
Able to leap to conclusions in a single bound.
Is it a bird? Is it a plane?
Is it some kind of strange mutant from another planet
with a really ugly, easy, permanently attached to it's butt?
No, it's none of the above.
It's...
I've got a very important announcement to make.
Now as you all know, I've been out of work in this town
for the past six years.
I'll be happy to learn that I've just been given a promotion.
I'm going to be out of work in a much larger town.
Does that mean we're moving?
When?
Now, this is only a half hour show.
But that means I'll have to go to a new school.
That's right.
That'll make me the new kid.
Oh, right.
I sure hope someday science comes up with a cure for that act.
Alright kid, let's get a move on.
Well, here's the house.
You'll be far to walk, sweetheart.
Well, you'll just have to take the...
First came the exorcist,
then there was Elm Street.
Now the most terrifying experience
of all is coming your way.
Riding the bus to school.
Dad, I'm a little worried.
I've heard some pretty scary things about riding the bus.
Scary my butt.
Listen, when I was your age, there was no bus.
We had to walk 12 miles to school.
Every day.
So, uphill.
Both ways.
Really, dad, you actually know how to walk?
Get your butt on the bus.
Through our shoe, make jokes about the kid who's new.
Strike a pose, punch a nose.
Put on the bus, anything goes.
No!
Sit down, shut up, and lie down.
Ugh!
You can get on, but you might never get off the school bus.
This time, no one will stop when the red lights flash.
Coming to a curb near you.
Hello, and welcome to Mutual of Omega's Wild Suburban Kingdom.
Today, people will be studying the behavior
of the typical American adolescent
as he explores his new habitat.
These early encounters with other young males
can sometimes be territorial disputes.
Hey, you're the new kid, huh? Where are you from?
Centerville.
And they're top bunnies.
It's only 12 miles away. Are you calling me a liar?
The so-called new kid must be very careful
not to incur the wrath of the resident males.
Or, as we say in the scientific community,
he could get the crap beaten out of him.
Ooh, and now the male has noticed a female
and has begun pretending not to notice her.
Ooh, the female has noticed his not noticing her
and has begun to return his lack of attention.
Mutual of Omega's can protect you in any situation.
However, in this case, you're on your own, kid.
The Big Orange Couch will sneak again after this.
A fly real crazy, now get that tool.
Here's my little buddy, the ball sack rat.
Ask you ball jacks to wear it.
Turn up the bun with ball sack.
Now get ready for the slime time number
you've been waiting for.
When you call, you'll hear my voice.
Asking you to use the push buttons on your phone
to answer three questions.
First, I'll ask you to enter your area code
and telephone number. And then you'll enter your age.
And finally, you'll press one if you're a girl
or two if you're a boy.
And the special free slime time sweepstakes number
is 1-800-247-8200.
Just call this number to enter.
It's that easy.
And if you get a busy signal,
don't let that stop your slime time spirit
because the phone lines are open all snick long.
We now return to Roundhouse and Snick.
Only on Nick.
Why are you hitting mom?
I didn't even talk to the girl.
Well, son, I know it's hard to make new friends,
but you just have to show them your real self.
Show them what a terrific person you are
and how much fun you can be.
And if that doesn't work,
well, then just tell them all to blow it out their backpacks.
Don't ask my other state.
Come on, son, these calls were perfect 15 minutes ago.
Dad, I'm having trouble at school.
Now, listen, I always had trouble at school,
especially the eighth grade.
Worse four years of my life.
Just so hard being the new kid.
I understand how you...
Get out of here!
Don't worry, nobody introduced you.
Community service work to do or something?
Don't worry about it, son.
I was a new kid at the same school for 11 years.
Well, thanks for understanding, Dad.
Hey, sis, can I talk to you about something?
Uh-huh, I guess so.
Oh, by the way, I want you to meet my new friends,
Heather, Jennifer, and Cindy.
Hi!
The rest are coming over to later to celebrate
my being elected head cheerleader.
Hi!
Oh, yeah, what'd you want to talk about?
Never mind.
Hey, wait a minute, isn't that the new kid?
Yeah.
Are you lonely?
Looking for someone to talk to?
Somebody who understands?
Then call 1-555-LONELY.
At 1-555-LONELY.
You can talk to people just like you
who are willing to listen.
Call now.
Hi, I'm new in town.
Hello.
Yeah, I just moved into town, too.
And I was feeling kind of lonely.
So I figured that maybe I'd give this number...
Oh, this is to meet...
Stop!
...or most people have their first cup of coffee in the morning.
Some guys are out trudging through the swamps
wearing a 20-bound backpack.
What are they?
Nuts!
Be less than you can be.
Be one of the cool dudes.
You're self-cool dudes.
Cool that walked up to you and went shirt to you.
You scum up those shoes.
And how many towers do I have to tell you?
Where that cat is actually doing them?
Trick number 351.
The name game.
Dude, you want to get in real good with the principal.
Call him Barney.
He likes to be on a first name basis with all the students.
All right, cool.
I don't know how you dress your staff at your old school, son,
but at this school you'll address me as Mr. Alderman.
Is that clear?
New kid trick number...
624.
The book, Schnook.
Hey, at exactly 245, we're all going to drop our books on the floor.
Okay, settle.
Now, one of the few small, defenseless countries
that were not invaded by the Reagan administration would...
I don't know if you found the sort of thing.
I'm using your old school, son, but this school,
this behavior will not be tolerated.
Is that clear?
New kid trick number 296.
The rally run.
Hey, tonight at the stadium,
there's a big pep rally about eight o'clock.
Everybody's going. See there?
All right, cool.
Yeah, what are you going to do to me?
Nothing. I just want to be your friend.
Really? That's nice.
What's your name? Lewis?
Hey, Lewis, what's that thing around your neck?
Is that some kind of gang thing or something?
No, not exactly. It's for my axe, you know?
Your axe?
Yeah, my axe. My saxophone.
Oh.
September 3rd, a Tuesday,
in a desperate search for companionship,
an otherwise kind of okay young man
has unwittingly allowed himself to be befriended by...
a bandit.
The new guys are the bangies.
I bet he even plays the clarinet.
Belly to try it.
He's with the big...
No, no, I didn't go to band camp.
I don't even know what a glockenspiel is.
No, the horrible nightmare.
The big orange couch will sneak again after this.
The place...
My name's Marty.
Play guitar around.
I'm a bass player.
I'm John.
James Raymond plays keyboards.
Jack Kelly is the drummer.
We just kind of watch what's happening with the scene, you know,
and then we have our little cue sheet
that says play a low-brunge guitar chord here.
Do it. That's all.
There's a brand new roundhouse.
Next Nick on Nick.
Super Netball, yeah, super hot.
Super Netball, another great squish product from Cap Toys.
Who else?
What do you call a hole in a crunchy big pretzel?
Room for improvement.
Now filled with creamy spicy mustard.
New spicy mustard combos.
See why combos taste better?
Now the combos has a new oven baked crust
filled with more pizza spices.
Other snacks aren't so fulfilling.
Pepperoni pizza combos.
See why combos taste better?
Now return to Roundhouse and Snick.
Only on Nick.
I just moved into town and being the new kid,
I needed to find a friend.
So I called Critterfriend and asked the operator
to see if she can find me a buddy.
I wasn't desperate.
He was crying when he called.
I told him we could help, we could find him a friend.
I told him at Critterfriend we have a listing
of all the kids who attend his school
and that we'd be glad to provide him with a new friend
at a reasonable cost.
I told her money was no object,
but I didn't want just anybody.
I wanted someone cool, someone popular to hang around with.
After all, I do have standards.
He said he'd take anything he could get.
I told him Greg Garrett was our most popular student.
He was a football star and all the girls loved him.
Quoted him a prize.
Do you know what he said?
How much propaganda and geek.
She said she'd get on it right away
Would you stop doing that?
I told her she better work fast
because I'm the type of guy
who can make friends quickly on his own.
I called him back a month later
and he still hadn't made a single friend.
To make matters worse,
the band geek we sent over wanted to refund.
Sometimes, that's the way it goes.
Critterfriend, the best friend money can buy.
Network Saturday morning continues
with the greatest heroes yet.
It's adolescent deformed taekwondo tortoises.
You've never seen anything like them.
Today after infant smuppets.
Coming up next,
it's the most unusual bunch of reptiles ever.
It's pre-teen genetically altered martial arts iguanas.
Today after premature smuppets.
It's the most innovative programming ever.
It's kinda young, really screwed up karate koalas.
Today after smuppet zygotes.
And now back to MC Hemster.
I mean, uh, really?
Yeah, I might check that out.
Hello.
Hi.
Oh, so you're new here, huh?
Yes, I just got into town.
What do you say Monday we go to the school together
and I'll show you around and stuff?
Oh, that'd be great. Thanks.
Cool.
Oh, this is the school.
Where's the attendance office?
I'm not really sure.
I'm kinda new here myself.
You're the new kid?
Never mind, I'll find it myself.
Wait a minute.
I'm sick of being the new kid.
You feel like talking about it?
No.
You feel like singing about it?
I thought you'd never act.
So much pain
enough for all
bare the bricks
and bare the concrete
in this floor
Let me be old as land
for all to see
I'm the new kid.
You're the new kid?
That's right.
I can do much better than that.
I can tell you what's really going on.
There's gonna be a pep rally tonight.
It's 7.30 down at the football field.
Everybody who's anybody is gonna be there.
Wow, thanks, man.
Cool.
All right.
For breeze and theme song and roll of credit.
If you're calling Nickelodeon's slime time number
and all you hear is
Don't give up.
Hang up and try again.
Oh, and if you missed the number to call,
just hang on.
We'll show it to you again in just a second.
And snick around for Ren and Stimpy.
Good idea.
They're coming up next.
That's good enough.
Roundhouse is taped before a live studio audience
at Nickelodeon Studios
Universal Studios.
Amanda Finn.
Saturday night has arrived
and Saturday night belongs to Snick.
To be king of the ring,
you have to beat one of the biggest and toughest
superstars of the WWF.
Then another.
And another all in a single night.
Eight superstar wrestlers bang heads
in a grueling single elimination tournament
until only one man is left standing.
WWF King of the Ring.
Witness the coronation Sunday, June 13.
Only on Pay Per View.
Know how you always say you wish
that I had more friends?
I love Mrs. Madigan.
For anyone who's ever looked for adventure.
I hate when that happens.
Wanted a girl, what a cutie.
And needed a friend.
Jack!
This hero stuff has its limits.
Columbia Pictures presents
Come on!
An adventure for the kid inside us all.
Yes!
Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Last action hero rated PG-13.
The fun begins on Friday.
There's no way to dispute it.
The writing's on the wall.
1-800-Collect.
America's least expensive way
to call someone collect.
It's made of that time with no WDF big air.
Like Rick Bartell and Hulk Hogan.
I'll show Hulk some real arrogance.
Hulk said you're just another sticker.
Now I resist trying to make me pay.
I always get a refund.
Click new WDF figures now.
Go separately.
Dig it!
It's like nothing you've ever seen.
Because it is nothing you've ever seen.
It's an all new scary tale on
Are You Afraid of the Dark?
Next Saturday on Snick.
So it's a Snick.
And stay near the phone.
Cause we're about to show you
the special slime time sweepstakes number.
That's right.
The only way to enter is only minutes away.
And it's only on Snick.
This is a very big thing you're doing Mr. Hoek.
We have just the boy for you.
He's only seven years old.
And hasn't had much love.
But I think you're just the man
who can turn him around.
Come on.
Bring in the little neighbor.
Z-O-A-X-D-Z.
Okay.
Bring in Kowalski.
Kowalski is serving a 30 year prison sentence
for crimes against humanity.
But we let him out on weekend furloughs.
Well go on Kowalski.
Say hi to your fake dad.
He's going to give you the love you never had.
Go ahead Ren.
Give him your love.
Boy, we are such a happy family.
Let us all enjoy some quality time together.
Oh look.
I have some tasty icing on my spoon.
Let us share it.
Oh no.
You should give some to your new child.
He's not my child.
Daddy.
I'm not your dad.
I'm only your fake dad.
And only for this weekend.
Be nice to the product of your loins.
My fake loins.
I wish all children could know your love.
My favorite chair.
Give me that.
That's my book you're mangling.
Why I ought to take your pants down and spank you.
Ren Howick what are you doing?
Shame on you.
You leave his little pants on.
Show him some love.
You're his father.
I'm not his dad.
Shame, shame, double shame.
You're right.
I've been terrible.
Okay.
I'm sorry Kowalski, but be careful.
This is my house.
And these are my things.
Soul, don't you know that smoking can kill you?
Now I really ought to spank you.
That'll teach you not to smoke.
There's no one in there.
Baby.
My favorite friend.
Okay Kowalski.
What kind of sandwich do you want?
Meat.
And what kind of bread do you want?
Meat on meat, eh?
Okay.
Here's your meat on meat sandwich.
What's wrong?
Here.
What's wrong with you now?
Firstie!
Want green?
What would you like to green, Kowalski?
Meat!
Get him a glass of meat, will you stimpy?
Look Ren, baby, spin up.
You're his fake dad, you better burp him.
Okay Kowalski.
I'll burp you.
Burp for daddy.
Come on Kowalski.
Burp I tell you.
Oh come on Kowalski.
Please burp.
Do it for your old man.
I'm telling you there's no way he's going to burp.
Not in a million years.
That is coming for a long time.
Kowalski the pain.
It's going to happen.
Pull him up.
Pull up the pants.
How did you enjoy your weekend Kowalski?
Daddy burp, baby.
Baby love, daddy.
You've done a wonderful service to humanity, Mr. Hoek.
You've really turned the lad around.
Okay boys, take him away.
Baby, please.
There, there, it's okay.
Even daddies can cry sometimes.
Ren, Stimpy and Snick will be back after these messages.
And then you'll enter your age.
And finally, you'll press one if you're a girl or two if you're a boy.
And the special free Slime Time Sweepstakes number is 1-800-247-8200.
Just call this number to enter.
It's that easy.
And if you get a busy signal, don't let that stop your Slime Time spirit
because the phone lines are open all snick long.
In a world of flat chips, what do you call crunchy baked shells
around new smooth creamy fillings and roll models?
See why combos taste better?
What do you call a hole in a crunchy baked pretzel?
Room for improvement.
Now filled with creamy spicy mustard.
New spicy mustard combos.
See why combos taste better?
Nothing you've ever seen.
Because it is nothing you've ever seen.
It's an all new scary tale on Are You Afraid of the Dark?
Next Saturday on Sniff.
This should give you some idea of what's happening on the Disney Channel.
Damn's great.
Disney Channel's 10th anniversary to the glow of the Renin Stimpy Show.
With us now to those bygone days
when the West was brutal, untamed and lawless.
It took a special breed of man to tame this country.
Men with eyes like eagles, reflexes like a rattler
and the king, ruthless wits of a panther on the prowl.
We's awful ignorant, ain't we, Ewalt?
Then plumb proud of it, Abner.
Ewalt?
Yeah, Abner.
What's ignorant mean?
Ain't that fun, I know.
But who is it?
I'm bored.
What's your dirty mouth?
What are we gonna do today?
Hang somebody.
Ewalt, who are we gonna hang?
Hmm, how's it bound?
Oh, Lady Crenshaw.
Yeah, yeah.
No, we hanged her yesterday.
You know, maybe we ought to hang somebody that deserves it.
From out of the long desert shadows,
ride two dangerous desperadoes,
three-fingered hook
and his faithful sidekick,
Stupid the Kid.
Hello?
Onward they ride.
Raw, tough, desperate.
Let's go down to that little one-horse town
and see if we can pick up some odd job,
pillaging and looting.
Pillage, pillage, pillage, loot, loot, loot.
I'm dead.
Excuse us, Mr. Sheriff.
You needn't look any further,
for it is we who are your villains.
Why don't you fellers mosey over to my place
and steal my horse?
Because there's nothing worse than a horse thief.
Here is your horse that we have stolen
for I did see.
Hey, that's no horse.
That's my wife.
Ah, you boys can keep her.
Just remember, brush her and feed her twice a day.
Reminds me of your uncle Eddie.
Yeah, why is that?
Because he's big and stinky.
Say mean things like that.
Did you ever consider that this horse might have feelings?
Now let's steal that horse.
It's the old steal the horse bit again, is it?
All right, let's do it.
If we have to.
These guys just stole me and...
Well, sir, I don't like it.
Steve's your morons.
Hey, Ren, I was really asleep.
You'd be so kind as to hang these two young fellers.
Way enough, and the fat one ain't got no...
There's only one thing that we like more than hanging.
And that's singing and dancing.
Come on, everybody, let's have a ho-down.
That's why he gave us snacks.
It turns up our vocal chords.
And it turns up our pecks.
So if you are a horse thief and guilty to the bone,
Go ahead and blame a friend and you won't hang alone.
It may be hard to swear,
But you'll be three feet taller
And find a way to entertain your friends.
You say you are a villain,
But can't hide by killing.
Go ahead and steal yourself a horse.
Two, three, eleven, or five...
Fittest boys.
I'm a picking.
And I'm a swinging.
I'm ignorant.
That you are, boy.
I'm hanging, and so do we by heck.
So catch yourself a lasso and decorate your neck.
Oh, we is awful ignorant and ugly and sin.
So go ahead and cut us down.
Hang us all again.
A spell.
You're afraid of the dark.
He's coming up next.
Right here on Snick.
And if you haven't gotten through yet to enter Nickelodeon Slime Time Sweepstakes,
You've still got 30 minutes left.
So keep on dialing.
Rams, keep snicking.
No TV.
No phone.
No piano lessons.
Playing baseball and living in a bunk.
It's totally uncivilized.
It's total freedom.
If you despise camp, watch Salute Your Shorts.
And if you love camp, watch Salute Your Shorts.
Nickelodeon loves, hates, camp on Salute Your Shorts.
Starting this Monday at 534-30 Central.
On Nickelodeon.
Super Net Ball, take your best shot.
Play Super Net Ball.
The action shouldn't catch game with the power of stretch net.
That sings a squished Super Net Ball over 100 feet.
Super Net Ball, yeah, super hot.
Super Net Ball.
Another great squished product from Cap Toys.
Who else?
Let me see.
Chris, I love video scavenger hens.
Let's roll.
Spider dogs, twins, rock group, group headstand.
Got it.
Twins?
I always see twins and McDonald's.
Spider dogs.
Hey, a rock group.
They convert them.
I always see red convertibles.
McDonald's.
Hey, we're doing great.
Look, twins.
I knew we'd find everything in McDonald's.
But why don't you say something?
What do you call a chili cheese chip without creamy chili cheese?
Flat, new chili cheese combos.
See why combos taste better?
Guess what combos is pouring into crunchy baked pretzels?
Say cheese.
Cheddar pretzel combos.
See why combos taste better?
So it's a snick.
And stay near the phone.
Because we're about to show you this special
slime time sweepstakes number.
That's right.
The only way to enter is only minutes away.
And it's only on snick.
Why do we always tell scary stories at night?
I mean, if they're scary,
they should be just as scary during the day, right?
No way.
Things are always scarier at night.
Yeah, but why?
Because you can't see things at night.
Yeah, like some ghoul could sneak up on you in the dark
and you wouldn't know until it was too late.
Yeah.
So who's going tonight?
I am.
Man, what's the matter?
You always tell the same kind of story.
It's kind of gross,
but everyone always lives happily ever after.
Boring.
So what's your problem?
You're kind of gross and boring too.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Things are scarier at night,
especially in my story.
You can be scared during the day,
but don't bother,
because the real terror never begins until night falls.
Submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society,
except for Eric.
I call this story
Tale of the Nightly Neighbors.
What's the matter? Did I scare you?
Not too funny.
You sit in front of the TV all day
and you're going to turn into Dad.
Great.
If that happens, we'll send you to your room.
Forever.
You're a zero.
You won't catch me sitting around like some toad.
There's a ton going on in the world today,
and I'm not going to miss any of it.
Neighbors moving in.
At night?
What's with the black clothes?
I think they look cool.
Maybe they're artists, foreign diplomats.
Or maybe they got dressed in the dark.
I don't know. They look stupid.
Whoever they are, they don't fit this boring neighborhood.
That wasn't creepy.
I think I'm going to avoid any neighbors.
I need a new back.
What's in the box?
Whatever it is, they got two of them.
You know these people?
No, they just moved in Friday night.
We're coming over to say hi.
What's their name?
Um, Bronn, Mr. and Mrs.
Look at this.
Rob, no Ukraine.
They're from the Ukraine.
Is that in your Disney World?
No dip. It's near Russia.
I knew that.
Must have wanted these refrigerators pretty bad
in Russia.
That's what they are? Refrigerators?
Mm-hmm.
You just going to leave them?
Yup. That's what the order says.
Nobody home? Leave them in the driveway.
See you.
Come on. That's weird.
Their car's here. They got to be home.
Why didn't they answer the door?
What if they're KGB agents
who had to bolt when the Soviet Union crumbled?
Or Gypsy searching for a new home?
Oh, get real.
I'm late.
Don't forget to tell your father about...
I'm sorry.
I'm late. Bye.
Sorry, Mr. Mitchell.
Mom's in a rush. She's a little crazy.
It's okay.
I know the feeling.
You okay?
Yeah. I just got a touch of something.
I'm as weak as a kitten.
Well,
I must go through.
Have you met the new neighbors yet?
Oh, yeah.
They stopped by my house the other night
just to get acquainted.
That's the night I'll never forget.
Why? Were they strange or something?
No. It's the night I started getting sick.
I hope I can shake it off.
Emma started paying
close attention to the bronze.
She watched them every chance she got.
And the more she watched,
the more she realized
the new neighbors were just
a little bit strange.
They didn't talk to anyone
and no one ever saw them during the day,
only at night.
Even their kid Lex
was never seen during the day.
Um, Lex? It's kind of late.
Maybe some other time.
Lex never started school.
No one had even heard of him.
And the strange disease that hit Mr. Mitchell
was spreading through the neighborhood
like crazy.
Oh, we're losing their energy.
It was like an epidemic
going around, but no one knew
what it was.
And it started the same night
the bronze moved in.
Things seemed very strange indeed.
Emma had a great imagination.
But this was a little weird,
even for her.
Then one night
all the pieces of the puzzle
came together.
I can't go to school, Mom.
I'm sick.
What? I know what's wrong with the bronze.
Me too, they have a crazy neighbor.
You.
Listen, why should they're never out
during the day? And where are they from?
Here, Rovno, Ukraine.
That's right in the middle
of all those EOP places.
Bulgaria,
Transylvania.
And what about those people?
They're all getting sick, weak and pale
and they'll have band-aids on their necks.
There's only one explanation.
What? Our neighbors
are vampires.
I'm dreaming. No, you're not.
They're vampires, all right. They gotta be.
There's no such thing as vampires.
Remember those big crates that got delivered?
I think I know what was in them.
Refrigerators.
I'll bet it was their coffins.
And I'm gonna check.
Tonight, I'm gonna wait till they leave
then get into their basement.
I find refrigerators and I'm a jerk
and you can bust on me all you want.
But if I'm right and I find coffins,
then our neighbors are vampires
and we are in big time trouble.
We're at all new Scary Tale on
Are You Afraid of the Dark?
Next Saturday on SNIP.
You've all heard this.
There will be less talking about it.
Well, enough about less.
Now it's time to get more.
More sweet raisins and Kellogg's Raisin Bran.
More two scoops or it's called.
Yeah.
So, you can have a bowl of Kellogg's Raisin Bran.
For what? Get more.
Kellogg's Raisin Bran.
Now with more sweet raisins in this complete breakfast.
It's the Tigers.
Your favorite baseball team on a hip pouch.
Free with two proofs from Kellogg's Raisin Bran.
News for those guys who play two sports.
Try five.
When you play five sports,
you really need something this good.
Right, testing, time, go.
Really, really good stuff.
And now get ready for the
slime time number you've been waiting for.
When you call, you'll hear my voice.
Asking you to use the push buttons on your phone
to answer three questions.
First, I'll ask you to enter your area code
and telephone number.
And then you'll enter your age.
And finally, you'll press one if you're a girl
or two if you're a boy.
And the special free slime time sweepstakes number is
1-800-247-8200.
Just call this number to enter.
It's that easy.
And if you get a busy signal, don't let that stop
your slime time spirit.
Because the phone lines are open all snick long.
Now the snicking begins again
with Are You Afraid of the Dark.
Going into a vampire's basement
at night.
Adios, Emma.
But they might not be vampires.
Then why are all those people
getting sick?
Yeah, like blood was being sucked
from their necks. I love it.
What happened?
Emma didn't know for sure if they were vampires.
So she had to investigate.
And that night,
she did.
What are you doing?
Vampires don't like garlic.
Neither do I.
Maybe I'm a vampire.
We're safe as long as you remember one thing.
A vampire can't come into someone's home
unless it's been invited.
So never, ever invite the bronze inside.
Got it?
Yeah, I'll try and remember that.
Good.
You're not really going into the basement, are you?
What if you get caught?
I won't.
Don't worry, look.
They leave the same time every night.
Probably in search of their next victim.
Molly, do we come in?
Uh, sure.
Come on in.
No, wait.
My dad's not home,
and maybe she'll come back another time.
Bye.
Who's there today?
Nobody.
Wrong house.
Come in.
My husband isn't here.
He works late.
We know what that's like, huh?
We both work evenings.
It's been hard on poor legs.
He hasn't been well since we moved here.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
What is it you do for work?
We've been studying
your emergency health care services,
paramedics, you call it.
We ride with ambulances
to study different techniques
we can bring back to our country.
It's absolutely fascinating work,
although sometimes it'd be dumb.
Bloody.
It's a refrigerator.
Daddy's never gonna let me forget this.
A refrigerator.
If I can crack him at school,
if I can crack him here.
You've been most gracious, Mrs. Toll,
but we only came to introduce ourselves,
and we must get legs old.
I'm so glad we finally met.
Please drop by any time.
No.
I mean, don't leave yet.
You just got here.
I'm afraid Lex needs to rest.
But we can play video games.
It'll be great, right, Lex?
Maybe not.
It's getting late day-day.
Don't worry, Daddy.
Now that we've been invited,
I promise you if he'll be back.
Come on, you're coming home.
Come on!
Wait, I gotta see something.
No coffins?
No, but they've got these refrigerators locked.
I want to see why.
Tell me, put that top one there.
No, vampires, you said so.
Daddy, they had bottles of blood.
They're vampires, all right.
And you invited them in.
Did not.
Doesn't matter.
I think they found their next victims.
Who?
They were invited in, remember?
We gotta tell somebody.
Mom and Dad.
Or the police.
They'll never believe us.
We're the only ones who know and we're the only ones
who can stop them.
Yeah, how?
Tomorrow after school.
Force Dark, you gotta get them before they give us.
Here.
Put this on.
What's in it?
Wooden spikes.
We have to find the coffins and drive the wooden spikes
through their hearts.
This is too close for me.
Here.
Wear this, just in case.
Forget it.
I'm not going.
Day-day, if we don't stop them today,
they may come for us tonight.
I think I know where the coffins are.
I'm gonna puke.
Me too, but get a grip.
I got it.
Day-day, Sister Emma.
Worked at night.
They did, but the schedule changed.
Thank goodness.
But from the hospital, they have a surplus
and we've been storing the extra units here for them.
Day-day.
Lex is still not feeling very well.
We thought having a friend might help.
Would it be alright if he came over
to your house to play video games with you tonight?
Oh, yeah, sure.
Oh, wonderful.
Maybe we'll see you later too.
Hmm?
Nice to meet you, Emma.
Ciao.
They work in a hospital.
That's why they're blood.
And how was I supposed to know that?
We better get them before they get us,
Day-day.
Ooh, I'm so scared.
Alright, I made a mistake.
I never thought you'd forget this.
Oh, give me a break.
You're a loser.
You're a big loser.
They were in here, weren't they?
I'm afraid so.
No matter.
Tonight's the night.
You feel better soon, master.
You've been invited in by new victims.
You are wise in coming to this country.
There is so much more fresh blood here.
And no one believes that the little boy can be a vampire.
With ghosts and ghouls, there are no rules.
But a vampire's bite only comes at night.
I declare this meeting of the Midnight Society closed.
Until next time.
Pleasant dreams, everyone.
Coming next, Nick at Night is very, very pleased to present
Very, Very Requested.
Stay tuned for four classic shows,
requested by viewers just like you.
Discover a great episode you've never seen before.
Or an all-time classic that never goes out of style.
On Nick at Night's Very, Very Requested.
Next.